README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://github.com/rarimo/rarime/blob/6efa918aeb21d7c5e154e20b048754f417ce0f16/packages/snap/images/icon.svg" alt="Rarime logo" width="240"/>
</p>





# Rarime
![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/%40rarimo%2Frarime)
![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/%40rarimo%2Frarime)

Rarime is a MetaMask Snap that safely holds any of your credentials and allows you to prove your identity without revealing any personal data. Powered by Rarimo Protocol and Zero-Knowledge Proof technology.

## Security

Rarime is fully audited. Check out the reports [here](./audits/).

## Changelog

For the changelog, see [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/rarimo/rarime/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

## Contributing

### Getting Started

Clone the repository:

```shell
yarn install && yarn start
```

### Testing and Linting

Run `yarn test` to run the tests once.

Run `yarn lint` to run the linter, or run `yarn lint:fix` to run the linter and fix any automatically fixable issues.
## Notes

- Babel is used for transpiling TypeScript to JavaScript, so when building with the CLI,
  `transpilationMode` must be set to `localOnly` (default) or `localAndDeps`.

Commit message:

Updated docs to use the proper RariMe name casing (#6)
* Fixed naming

* updated snap manifest

* Updated changelog

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://github.com/rarimo/rarime/blob/6efa918aeb21d7c5e154e20b048754f417ce0f16/packages/snap/images/icon.svg" alt="RariMe logo" width="240"/>
</p>





# RariMe
![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/%40rarimo%2Frarime)
![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/%40rarimo%2Frarime)

RariMe is a MetaMask Snap that safely holds any of your credentials and allows you to prove your identity without revealing any personal data. Powered by Rarimo Protocol and Zero-Knowledge Proof technology.

## Security

RariMe is fully audited. Check out the reports [here](./audits/).

## Changelog

For the changelog, see [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/rarimo/rarime/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

## Contributing

### Getting Started

Clone the repository:

```shell
yarn install && yarn start
```

### Testing and Linting

Run `yarn test` to run the tests once.

Run `yarn lint` to run the linter, or run `yarn lint:fix` to run the linter and fix any automatically fixable issues.
## Notes

- Babel is used for transpiling TypeScript to JavaScript, so when building with the CLI,
  `transpilationMode` must be set to `localOnly` (default) or `localAndDeps`.
