packages/snap/README.md, before:

# RariMe

RariMe is a MetaMask Snap that safely holds any of your credentials and allows you to prove your identity without revealing any personal data. Powered by Rarimo Protocol and  Zero-Knowledge Proof technology.

## Methods
### Create an identity
To create an identity you need to call this method:
```javascript
await window.ethereum.request({
  method: 'wallet_invokeSnap',
  params: {
  snapId: 'snapId',
    request: { method: 'create_identity' },
  },
});
```

### Save Verifiable Credentials
To save Verifiable Credentials you need to call this method with params:
```javascript
await window.ethereum.request({
  method: 'wallet_invokeSnap',
  params: {
    snapId: 'snapId',
    request: {
      method: 'save_credentials',
      params: {
        body: {
          credentials: [
            {
              description: 'Natural Person',
              id: '86531650-023c-4c6c-a437-a82e137ead68',
            },
          ],
          url: 'http://127.0.0.1:8000/integrations/issuer/v1/public/claims/offers/callback',
        },
        from: 'did:iden3:tJnRoZ1KqUPbsfVGrk8io51iqoRc5dGhj5LLMHSrD',
        id: '026035f6-42f6-4a2d-b516-0b11d2674850',
        thid: '348b7198-7cb1-46f4-bc0a-98a358f65539',
        to: 'did:iden3:tTxif8ahrSqRWavS8Qatrp4ZEJvPdu3ELSMgqTEQN',
        typ: 'application/iden3comm-plain-json',
        type: 'https://iden3-communication.io/credentials/1.0/offer',
      },
    },
  },
});
```
where:
- **id**: request identifier
- **thid**: ID of the message thread
- **from**: identifier of the person from whom the offer was received
- **to**: identifier of the person who received the offer
- **typ**: media type of the message. In our case, it is the type of the protocol of the packed message application/iden3comm-plain-json
- **type**: type of iden3comm protocol message
- **body**
	- **credentials[0]**
		- **description**: description of the schema
		- **id**: credential id
	- **url**: URL to which requested information is sent and response is received

### Create a proof
Make sure you are on the correct network before creating a proof!
Returns ZKProof for off-chain and updateStateTx, statesMerkleData, ZKProof for on-chain
To create a proof you need to call this method with params:

```javascript
await window.ethereum.request({
  method: 'wallet_invokeSnap',
  params: {
    snapId: 'snapId',
    request: {
      method: 'create_proof',
      params: {
        circuitId: 'credentialAtomicQuerySigV2OnChain',
        accountAddress: '0x......',
        challenge: '1251760352881625298994789945427452069454957821390', // BigInt string
        query: {
          allowedIssuers: ['*'],
          credentialSubject: {
            isNatural: {
              $eq: 1,
            },
          },
          type: 'IdentityProviders',
        },
      },
    },
  },
});
```
where:
- **circuitId**: type of proof
- **accountAddress**(optional): Metamask user address for onchain proofs
- **challenge**(optional): text that will be signed
- **query**
	- **allowedIssuers**: types of issuers allowed
		- **\***: all types of Issuers are allowed
	- **context**: URL for getting the vocabulary for the credential
	- **type**: type of credentials allowed
	- **credentialSubject**: query request to a query circuit

### Create a backup
To create a backup of keys and credentials:
```javascript
await window.ethereum.request({
  method: 'wallet_invokeSnap',
  params: {
  snapId: 'snapId',
    request: { method: 'create_backup' },
  },
});
```

### Recovery from a backup
Recovering the identity and credentials from a backup:
```javascript
await window.ethereum.request({
  method: 'wallet_invokeSnap',
  params: {
  snapId: 'snapId',
    request: { method: 'recover_backup' },
  },
});
```

### Check state contract

Returns `true` if the state contract on current chain need to be synced:

```javascript
await window.ethereum.request({
  method: 'wallet_invokeSnap',
  params: {
  snapId: 'snapId',
    request: {
      method: 'check_state_contract_sync'
    },
  },
});
```

### Get Verifiable Credentials
* Only supported domains

Return a list of Verifiable Credentials:

```javascript
await window.ethereum.request({
  method: 'wallet_invokeSnap',
  params: {
  snapId: 'snapId',
    request: {
      method: 'get_credentials'
    },
  },
});
```


## Testing

The snap comes with some basic tests, to demonstrate how to write tests for
snaps. To test the snap, run `yarn test` in this directory. This will use
[`@metamask/snaps-jest`](https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps/tree/main/packages/snaps-jest)
to run the tests in `src/index.test.ts`.

## Notes

- Babel is used for transpiling TypeScript to JavaScript, so when building with
  the CLI, `transpilationMode` must be set to `localOnly` (default) or
  `localAndDeps`.

Commit message:

Filter credentials by issuer DID, circut urls (#11)
* add filter by issuer DID on searching credentials for proof generation

* bump version

* changelog

* update circuit urls

* changelog

* hotfix types

* fix readme

packages/snap/README.md, after:

# RariMe

RariMe is a MetaMask Snap that safely holds any of your credentials and allows you to prove your identity without revealing any personal data. Powered by Rarimo Protocol and  Zero-Knowledge Proof technology.

## Methods
### Create an identity
To create an identity you need to call this method:
```javascript
await window.ethereum.request({
  method: 'wallet_invokeSnap',
  params: {
  snapId: 'snapId',
    request: { method: 'create_identity' },
  },
});
```

### Save Verifiable Credentials
To save Verifiable Credentials you need to call this method with params:
```javascript
await window.ethereum.request({
  method: 'wallet_invokeSnap',
  params: {
    snapId: 'snapId',
    request: {
      method: 'save_credentials',
      params: {
        body: {
          credentials: [
            {
              description: 'Natural Person',
              id: '86531650-023c-4c6c-a437-a82e137ead68',
            },
          ],
          url: 'http://127.0.0.1:8000/integrations/issuer/v1/public/claims/offers/callback',
        },
        from: 'did:iden3:tJnRoZ1KqUPbsfVGrk8io51iqoRc5dGhj5LLMHSrD',
        id: '026035f6-42f6-4a2d-b516-0b11d2674850',
        thid: '348b7198-7cb1-46f4-bc0a-98a358f65539',
        to: 'did:iden3:tTxif8ahrSqRWavS8Qatrp4ZEJvPdu3ELSMgqTEQN',
        typ: 'application/iden3comm-plain-json',
        type: 'https://iden3-communication.io/credentials/1.0/offer',
      },
    },
  },
});
```
where:
- **id**: request identifier
- **thid**: ID of the message thread
- **from**: identifier of the person from whom the offer was received
- **to**: identifier of the person who received the offer
- **typ**: media type of the message. In our case, it is the type of the protocol of the packed message application/iden3comm-plain-json
- **type**: type of iden3comm protocol message
- **body**
	- **credentials[0]**
		- **description**: description of the schema
		- **id**: credential id
	- **url**: URL to which requested information is sent and response is received

### Create a proof
Make sure you are on the correct network before creating a proof!
Returns ZKProof for off-chain and updateStateTx, statesMerkleData, ZKProof for on-chain
To create a proof you need to call this method with params:

```javascript
await window.ethereum.request({
  method: 'wallet_invokeSnap',
  params: {
    snapId: 'snapId',
    request: {
      method: 'create_proof',
      params: {
        circuitId: 'credentialAtomicQuerySigV2OnChain',
        issuerDid: 'did:iden3:[...]',
        accountAddress: '0x......',
        challenge: '1251760352881625298994789945427452069454957821390', // BigInt string
        query: {
          allowedIssuers: ['*'],
          credentialSubject: {
            isNatural: {
              $eq: 1,
            },
          },
          type: 'IdentityProviders',
        },
      },
    },
  },
});
```
where:
- **circuitId**: type of proof
- **accountAddress**(optional): Metamask user address for onchain proofs
- **issuerDid**: did of the issuer trusted by the verifier
- **challenge**(optional): text that will be signed
- **query**
	- **allowedIssuers**: types of issuers allowed
		- **\***: all types of Issuers are allowed
	- **context**: URL for getting the vocabulary for the credential
	- **type**: type of credentials allowed
	- **credentialSubject**: query request to a query circuit

### Create a backup
To create a backup of keys and credentials:
```javascript
await window.ethereum.request({
  method: 'wallet_invokeSnap',
  params: {
  snapId: 'snapId',
    request: { method: 'create_backup' },
  },
});
```

### Recovery from a backup
Recovering the identity and credentials from a backup:
```javascript
await window.ethereum.request({
  method: 'wallet_invokeSnap',
  params: {
  snapId: 'snapId',
    request: { method: 'recover_backup' },
  },
});
```

### Check state contract

Returns `true` if the state contract on current chain need to be synced:

```javascript
await window.ethereum.request({
  method: 'wallet_invokeSnap',
  params: {
  snapId: 'snapId',
    request: {
      method: 'check_state_contract_sync'
    },
  },
});
```

### Get Verifiable Credentials
* Only supported domains

Return a list of Verifiable Credentials:

```javascript
await window.ethereum.request({
  method: 'wallet_invokeSnap',
  params: {
  snapId: 'snapId',
    request: {
      method: 'get_credentials'
    },
  },
});
```


## Testing

The snap comes with some basic tests, to demonstrate how to write tests for
snaps. To test the snap, run `yarn test` in this directory. This will use
[`@metamask/snaps-jest`](https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps/tree/main/packages/snaps-jest)
to run the tests in `src/index.test.ts`.

## Notes

- Babel is used for transpiling TypeScript to JavaScript, so when building with
  the CLI, `transpilationMode` must be set to `localOnly` (default) or
  `localAndDeps`.
